the grandson still soft does not
It gives you both value and you do not value
she go cooking and you are always on the street
now that the story has changed
She wants to enjoy her life, everything has lost her
girl, she left and we still fight you.
You're crazy, do not worry, you 're crazy.
respect love if a betrayed woman is
revenge for life a woman betrayed
it's revenge for life, all the calm love
the horse love with a doll
efe to share a betrayed wife is revenge
To life a woman betrays and from so much
give value and you do not value it go
cooking and you always on the spree now
story changed she wants to enjoy her life
the girl lost her she was out with
friends, we fight you, you're crazy, respect
My love, you're crazy, my love.
Mocha and you should dance for life, wake up.
a mole the idea
this practice all riding a horse
I know it's love, it 's a thing in my life.
A woman's life, this is revenge.
life
[Music]